We are currently in a time when it seems like a majority of what we do and depend on is reliant on the Internet, whether it be IoT devices, using our mobile devices to conduct business and connect with social media, streaming the latest shows...the list goes on. With entertainment, work, and connecting with others so readily at our fingertips (literally), it also means that our devices and our data are much more vulnerable to constant attacks and threats, since sophistication of malware is at its peak.
If you're in the US, you might be aware that October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month. With all of the security events that happened in this year alone, this is a great reminder that there's no such thing as being too secure when it comes to writing secure code, limiting entry points, and more—effectively equipping yourself with the tools you need to prevent future threats (or in the very least, preparing for the aftermath of a threat).
In this article, I compile something for everyone, whether you're a developer, an administrator, or even just someone who's interested in how security vulnerabilities occur and what can be done about it, this list covers all of this and more. I compile a list of great resources that you should keep in your arsenal. So, in honor of Cyber Security Awareness Month, let's get started!The biggest threats from this year were splashed all across the news: WannaCry, Petya, and NotPetya. And as of October 24, a new threat called Bad Rabbit was reported in Europe and Asia. They all had one thing in common: Ransomware. This rise in ransomware is alarming to note, not only because of the sheer amount of data that is essentially being held hostage, but the fact that businesses and enterprises have the difficult choice of either paying their 'kidnappers' to get their systems back online and getting their data back, knowing full well the data they get back may still be compromised. Their other choice, the recommended one, is to utilize your disaster recover plan, getting systems and data back online from backed up data.