In this lesson we were discussing about Vester 9 eastern about India. I am woman because any I've been my engineering from an 8 digit book. You can follow me on an academy by following this link, and I got me. Courses are free, of course, but if you like the cold, you can be an auction fee by following the controversial and gone and gotten now. This study of August inbox, these western thoughts district from top even in the north, to connect the money in the south 8 and in the north, the discourse out he didn't live in the north latitude okay. So it is the section, the northern, it's not the same. Better ones and the southern one now will discuss about each of them in detail, not let's just because not investing.so. It is located between top, even in the north, this 16 degrees north latitude right. It is generally close out the keys. It does besotted local. What and had the highest point disclose who, by the highest point of western box in the Norton section, is going to buy? It is high needed that are good and is dissected by a number of fables so number for the lotus. Adapting this saw of is not in this version and the number of levels of also what he's needing him, for example, good already - and I saw the it's it's from these - not invest in autumn. Okay, then the second one the center is to not. It is located between 16 beat Levin begin automatic 8. Now this has created extraction, so the Georgie is, and that is that has been expected and got an article. I had the highest point is Malindi in bubble done, and so these are the hills of it. Also famous for coffee Rachel, that is the highest point in mild with on his. This section, has given up a rejuvenation structures like Nick points. Wonderful is it's extra height and specially this a joke falls or shadow delivered. These FE myself falls in India, maybe the 1 of the largest of all full of water falls in India, especially in the southern India, okay. So this is a hoax interesting, not now the total on that is so the mission not. It is also called a southern mountain, complex 8 and it is 35 range and 1 council sitting well, the people are living design needy and I'm ally and gotten them. They conceded. This is needed Getty. Then this is a normal life and this is gardens of these ugly Betty and 1 transliterated spot in his head. We'Ll get this 1 Bosnians okay. So these mountains, then average elevation of 1600500 meters, and here we have one of the famous gap that is bottled up, that it is approximately 50 kilometers gap and is between the southern part of his chin locks and the main she had the in the in. Under that is a bottle system, not okay. Now in this, so in these changes, don't I mean that is the highest peak of needy. So here we have the owner of the dog. That is the highest peak of new. Please then our online would be. That is the highest peak of anomaly, and I'm will be, is also the highest people sold India, so the high speed of South India is - and I will be - that is also the highest peak of anomaly. Okay, in other, stimulate, is the highest Coast Guard members, so heavy of diamonds and highs because of the stomach. This is the southern mountain complex media's has been without a doubt. I nominate the high speed and I'm with the, which is also the high speed of southern India and the third one god one that's the highest because of this, and one bronze Felicity that this farm hit by the hands of these at the southern, his chin. Ups. Okay, now all of these listing that's how they have the phone. We should understand one thing: the distant guards have informed by subsection offered even see and that everything opens at 9 eastern north eastern direction during the Himalayan upliftment. You should understand this thing that heavy, like even see the soft option offered even see this subsection of this. So this the ID been basin and even CVS, and I'm the Easter and the third thing off this so hold bends around eastern and the north eastern direction. During the Himalayan uplifting, so this is how these western parts of form - and that is why it appears as block mountains in the list and the slope appears to be as popular he conceded. It appears to be. Yes, our problem is in the list and have yet the escarpment 